Adjust some README.md details (#10)
rootstrap/redux-tools: README.md

This package provides an action creator utility, that together with the provided middleware will make it very easy to create side effects for your actions.
This setup will automatically execute your side effect thunk and dispatch success or error actions when the thunk succeeds or fails, respectively.

> `createThunk` receives the action names prefix as the first argument and the async thunk as the second one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`createThunk` receives the action's name prefix as the first argument and the async thunk as the second one.
```

Author: It's the prefix for the multiple action names
